[Music]
mom Who am I you are a gift we believe
that you came here for a reason
I know it's been difficult for you
Bailey but you feel different from other
kids
[Music]
Katelyn get my hand up he's a creep help
me Mom I want him in handcuffs
I know what I'm going do you even know
who his real mother's I was your mother
let's go
maybe there is tamam with Brandon
never turn against our son he's not some
[Music]
he's messing with me
[Applause]
[Music]
something wrong
boy round by chance one of the only
people in the world that comes house
especially there are believed to be no
survivors among the 268 passengers on
board
[Music]
I know there is good inside you
[Applause]
I wanted you good man I do
[Music]